0.  BMP supports variable numbers of color, depending on the number of bits specified; most common is 24-bit, or 16.7 million colors. 
    PNG and JPEG formats can support 24-bit color depth, which allows for 16.7 million colors.
    GIF file format can only support 256 colors at most.   
1.  GIF file format
2.  Lossy compression: makes images smaller with worse quality
    Lossless compression: makes images smaller with same quality
3.  JPEG file format
4.  First, system modifies the file name's first character in file's directory entry to show that file has been deleted;
    Second, system moves all of file's FAT clusters to hard drive's list of free clusters; the actual file data is never touched
5.  Overwrite the data on the drive so that it cannot be recovered; degauss the drive to randomize the magnetic domains
6.  stdint.h is a header file that defines sets of integer types that have specified width requirements,
    as well as macros that specify their limits and macro functions that create values of these types.
7.  They can be used as types that will specify the width of any integer used with a type in bits, specifically nonnegative numbers.
8.  BYTE has 8 bits, which is equal to 1 byte;
    DWORD has 32 bits, which is 4 bytes;
    LONG has signed 32 bits, which is 4 bytes;
    WORD has 16 bits, which is equal to 2 bytes
9.  The first two bytes of any BMP file are in ASCII, since they specify the file type with the signature word BM.
10. bfSize specifies the size, in bytes, of the bitmap file, while biSize specifies the size of the structure, in bytes.
11. If biHeight is negative, then the bitmap is a top-down DIB and its origin is the upper left corner.
12. biBitCount specifies the BMP file's color depth.
13. There might not be enough memory or disk space to store the new file, or the function can't find the file.
14. The function fread always reads nmemb elements of data, each some size bytes long from the stream pointed by the stream and
    stores them at the location given by ptr. Since there is only 1 BITMAPFILEHEADER in any BMP, fread should only read 1 data set.
15. The padding would have a value of 3, since 3 pixels * 3 bytes per pixel = 9, or 1 with % 4, leaving 4-1 = 3, which is 3 with % 4.
16. fseek moves to a specific location in a file and sets the file position indicator for the inptr pointed to by inptr; 
    the new position, measured in bytes, is determined by adding padding bytes to the position specified by whence.
17. It is an integer constant which, whenever used as the "whence" argument in the fseek function, will specify that the offset 
    provided will be relative to the current file position.
18. Milo Banana
